Alice.
Grandmother?
How can you be a husband like this, leaving your wife behind right after marrying her
last year and hustling in Europe for a year?
If you do not take her home, I will never leave this summer resort until my dying day.
Grandma, I was planning to call for her today.
Oh, I'll send you her address and number and you go pick her up yourself after work.
I'm telling you, you have to make it up to her.
Sure.
I will make up for what I owe this past year and be a good husband.
What do you think I should prepare before meeting a woman, depending on what woman?
My wife.
So Mr. Miller is married and smiling so gently speaking of his wife, they must love each other
so much.
Mr. Miller, the netless name's still there that you specifically want the parents to spend
ten million dollars for.
Is for your wife?
Who else?